[CI:DOCS] Fix up documentation of the userns audit flag (#10909)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-create.1.md

Valid _mode_ values are:

> **auto[:_OPTIONS,..._]**: automatically create a unigue user namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**auto[:_OPTIONS,..._]**: automatically create a unique user namespace.
```

Author: fixed

> The `--userns=auto` flag, requires that the user name `containers` and a range of subordinate user ids that the Podman container is allowed to use be specified in the /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid files.  Example: `containers:2147483647:2147483648`. Podman allocates unigue ranges of UIDs and GIDs from the `containers` group. The size of the ranges is based on the number of UIDs required in the image. The number of UIDs and GIDs can be overridden with the `size` option.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention root vs rootless usage here?

Author: Added a comment about only being rootless.

> The `--userns=auto` flag, requires that the user name `containers` and a range of subordinate user ids that the Podman container is allowed to use be specified in the /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid files.  Example: `containers:2147483647:2147483648`. Podman allocates unigue ranges of UIDs and GIDs from the `containers` group. The size of the ranges is based on the number of UIDs required in the image. The number of UIDs and GIDs can be overridden with the `size` option. The `auto` options currently does not work in rootless mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--userns=auto` flag requires that the user name `containers` and a range of subordinate user ids that the Podman container is allowed to use be specified in the /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid files.  Example: `containers:2147483647:2147483648`. Podman allocates unique ranges of UIDs and GIDs from the `containers` group. The size of the ranges is based on the number of UIDs required in the image. The number of UIDs and GIDs can be overridden with the `size` option. The `auto` options currently do not work in rootless mode.
```

  Valid `auto`options:

>   - **gidmapping=**_HOST_GID:CONTAINER_GID:SIZE_: to force a GID mapping to be present in the user namespace.

Reviewer: to fit the new manpage syntax, these should be only a single asterisk, except for the default value.
